<h1 align="left">Rigodotify</h1>

###
<p></p><p>NOTE: If github downloads the file with a longer name than just "Rigodotify.zip" rename it to just the base name before install.</p>A dual purpose Rigify feature set and Blender rig converter plugin. Recently reworked to add compatibilty across all major game engine retargeters: Godot, Unity, and Unreal standards are used to make retargeters autodetect bone structure and more happily share animations across models.<br><br> Rigs can be converted in a button press to make them game engine compatible. Convert the rig before parenting it to your mesh and your model will be ready for animating for games!<p></p>
<p>Bonus metarigs optimized for&nbsp;for Quaternius&nbsp;<a href="https://quaternius.com/packs/universalanimationlibrary.html">Animation packs</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://quaternius.com/packs/universalbasecharacters.html">Base Characters</a> and <a href="https://quaternius.com/packs/modularcharacteroutfitsfantasy.html">Clothing kits</a>!</p>
<h3>Purpose:</h3>
<p>Skeletons and rigs used for game development are distinct to those used for animation. They tend to be placed in T-Pose, have far fewer bones, and a hierarchical bone order. This makes animations more efficient for processing and also aids in animation transferring to other characters, and&nbsp;keeping in-engine&nbsp;IKs working as&nbsp;expected.</p>
<p>This plugin and feature set produces standard Godot, Unity and Unreal skeletons&nbsp; with extra Rigify bones removed, the bone order fixed, and friendlier names given for mapping them in engine. Leaf bones are&nbsp;added for&nbsp;Unreal, and constraints adjusted to minimize scale&nbsp;errors, and animation&nbsp;jitters in engines.</p>
<h3>Usage:</h3>
<p>- Add an Armature as you would through the normal menus.</p>
<p>- Select the new armature options "<strong>Rigodotify Rigs</strong>"</p>
<p>- Make adjustments to scale, and position as needed</p>
<p>- From the Armature menu select "<strong>Generate Rig</strong>"&nbsp;</p>
<p>- With the new Rigify Rig selected, click button&nbsp;"<strong>Convert to Rigodotify rig</strong>" button</p>
<p>- Parent the game dev compatible rig to your meshes as you normally would.<strong><br></strong></p>
<h3>Skeleton Hierarchy</h3>
<p>root <br>-pelvis <br>--spine_01 <br>---spine_02 <br>----spine_03 <br>-----breast_l <br>-----breast_r <br>-----clavicle_l <br>------upperarm_l <br>-------lowerarm_l <br>--------hand_l <br>---------index_01_l <br>----------index_02_l <br>-----------index_03_l <br>------------index_04_leaf_l <br>---------middle_01_l <br>----------middle_02_l <br>-----------middle_03_l <br>------------middle_04_leaf_l <br>---------pinky_01_l <br>----------pinky_02_l <br>-----------pinky_03_l <br>------------pinky_04_leaf_l <br>---------ring_01_l <br>----------ring_02_l <br>-----------ring_03_l <br>------------ring_04_leaf_l <br>---------thumb_01_l <br>----------thumb_02_l <br>-----------thumb_03_l <br>------------thumb_04_leaf_l <br>-----clavicle_r <br>------upperarm_r <br>-------lowerarm_r <br>--------hand_r <br>---------index_01_r <br>----------index_02_r <br>-----------index_03_r <br>------------index_04_leaf_r <br>---------middle_01_r <br>----------middle_02_r <br>-----------middle_03_r <br>------------middle_04_leaf_r <br>---------pinky_01_r <br>----------pinky_02_r <br>-----------pinky_03_r <br>------------pinky_04_leaf_r <br>---------ring_01_r <br>----------ring_02_r <br>-----------ring_03_r <br>------------ring_04_leaf_r <br>---------thumb_01_r <br>----------thumb_02_r <br>-----------thumb_03_r <br>------------thumb_04_leaf_r <br>-----neck_01 <br>------Head <br>-------Jaw <br>-------eye_l <br>-------eye_r <br>--thigh_l <br>---calf_l <br>----foot_l <br>-----ball_l <br>------ball_leaf_l <br>--thigh_r <br>---calf_r <br>----foot_r <br>-----ball_r <br>------ball_leaf_r</p>
<h3>FAQ:</h3><ul><li>It won't install?&nbsp;Make sure the file name is "Rigodotify.zip</li><li>It throws errors and won't generate the new rig?! Make sure the rigify rig is named something normal like "Armature"&nbsp;or "rig" and not a multiple of the rig like "Armature.001" etc.&nbsp;</li><li>Still not working? Try deleting former rigoditified rigs, their WGTS_rig objects, and even hit "Purge" in the "Unsued Data" section to remove old rig references and give it a truly fresh start.</li></ul>
